free
free organizers expected this
demonstration to be big expectations met
thousands on thousands of people showing
solidarity with
Palestine most marching but not all
Shams and his friends cycle in a group
called Big ride for Palestine you don't
bomb a nation for what group of people
have done so this is exactly how I see
it Hamas have done something wrong they
they've attacked but they have been
collectively punished the Palestinian
people are being collectively punished
now the protest was organized by
Palestinian support groups Muslim
organizations and left-wing and peace
movements but there were some Jewish
people here too angry with Decades of
Israel's behavior in the occupied
territories it's uh not complicated this
is a settler colonial state imposing
aparte and occupation on an indigenous
people and right now they are committing
genocide in
Gaza with the British government too
that has been reassuring the UK's Jewish
community that it's cracking down on
anti-Semitism at the expense of
Palestinian identity the UK's right-wing
Home Secretary so braan has instructed
police to make a call on whether even
the waving of a Palestinian flag
constitutes a racially aggravated
offense well the police have obviously
made that call because plenty of flags
in effect here and they're taking no
action
[Music]
whatsoever some isolated aggra
in the main though an impassioned but
peaceful expression of support Rory
chalins Al jazer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer